README.md, before:

# RubyGarage React Native boilerplate project

#### React Native sample boilerplate project that uses Redux + Redux Logic.

## Build application

### Before build

```bash
yarn && cd ios && pod install && cd ..
```
<br/>

You need to create `.env.development`, `.env.production` files.
Fill them according `.env.example`

<br/>

### Android

```bash
npx react-native run-android
```

### iOS

```bash
npx react-native run-ios
```

### Testing

### Lint

```bash
yarn lint
```

### Tests

```bash
yarn test --coverage
```

### New project setup
1. Download repository
2. Change package name and application ID (Android)
3. Rename workspace and project, change bundle ID (iOS)
4. Enjoy.

***
<a href="https://rubygarage.org/"><img src="https://github.com/rubygarage/shopapp-shopify-ios/blob/master/assets/rubygarage.png?raw=true" alt="RubyGarage Logo" width="415" height="128"></a>

RubyGarage is a leading software development and consulting company in Eastern Europe. Our main expertise includes Ruby and Ruby on Rails, but we successfully employ other technologies to deliver the best results to our clients. [Check out our portfolio](https://rubygarage.org/portfolio) for even more exciting works!

Commit message:

Setup feature tests (#44)
* chore(app): update ios schemes

* chore(app): integrate wix/detox

* feat(e2e): initial test

* chore(app): update readme.md

* feat(e2e): exclude tests from jest coverage

README.md, after:

# RubyGarage React Native boilerplate project

#### React Native sample boilerplate project that uses Redux + Redux Logic.

## Build application

### Before build

```bash
yarn && cd ios && pod install && cd ..
```
<br/>

You need to create `.env.development`, `.env.production`, `.env.testing` files.
Fill them according `.env.example`

<br/>

### Android

```bash
npx react-native run-android
```

### iOS

```bash
npx react-native run-ios
```

### Testing

<br/>

### Lint

```bash
yarn lint
```

### Tests

```bash
yarn test --coverage
```

### e2e tests
<br/>
You can use corresponding commands for building and starting tests.

```bash
yarn detox:build:ios
yarn detox:run:ios
```

```bash
yarn detox:build:android
yarn detox:run:android
```

### New project setup
1. Download repository
2. Change package name and application ID (Android)
3. Rename workspace and project, change bundle ID (iOS)
4. Enjoy.

***
<a href="https://rubygarage.org/"><img src="https://github.com/rubygarage/shopapp-shopify-ios/blob/master/assets/rubygarage.png?raw=true" alt="RubyGarage Logo" width="415" height="128"></a>

RubyGarage is a leading software development and consulting company in Eastern Europe. Our main expertise includes Ruby and Ruby on Rails, but we successfully employ other technologies to deliver the best results to our clients. [Check out our portfolio](https://rubygarage.org/portfolio) for even more exciting works!
